docs: update incorrect link in tsc membership guide (#520)
asyncapi/community: TSC_MEMBERSHIP.md

## How to become a TSC member
Any maintainer can become a TSC member. In other words, to become a TSC member, you need to become a maintainer of one of the projects in the AsyncAPI Initiative. 
You can become a maintainer by doing at least one of the following items within the AsyncAPI Initiative GitHub organization:
* Initiate a new repository/project and become its maintainer.
* Donate existing repository/project and stay as its maintainer. 

> * Support and commit to existing projects and be invited by other maintainers to join them as a maintainer.Learn more in [Become a maintainer in an existing project](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/pull/449/files#diff-2ac814c110d5ccfbf064b21de6aa22f6a5a63f00eaf1107282c2c13a4a9562df)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support and commit to existing projects and be invited by other maintainers to join them as a maintainer. Learn more in [Become a maintainer in an existing project](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/Become-maintainer-in-existing-project.md)
```
